## Algo1 Code (Tast1, Task2, Task3)
Algo1 is the coding task which was given for the Unit; Data Structures and Algorithms at Manchester Metropolitan University for the Computer Science MSc degree.
### Task1
Task1 was to create a windows form application in Visual Studio for C# (.NET framework). Implement a class Customer that contains name, age, address and amountOwed in pounds sterling of the student (assume the name and address are string, age is int and amountOwed is a float. This task also required the implementation of a class called GetInformation. Overall, task1 was about creating code which allowed information to be queued, deqeued and onqeued.
### Task2
Task2 was to create a C# windows form application to maintain a binary search tree of type int. The code made is to have the follwoing functions; 1.	a new item (int) to be inserted in the tree, 2.	total number of items in tree to be displayed, 3.	items in tree to be traversed using PreOrder, InOrder and PostOrder and displayed, 4.	Alter your tree and windows form to store Customer objects, 5.	Add functionality to allow retrieval of a customers details by providing a name.
### Task3
Task3 was to create a console application to test the GraphNode and Graph class. Add (and test) graph methods to; 1.	return the number of nodes in a graph, 2.	return the number of edges in a graph, 3.	return a list of visited id’s generated by a BreadthFirstSearch, 4.	amend your graph to store people’s names (string rather than id) and construct the social network (below) and test it using your BreadthFirstSearch method. Each connection shows a one-way friendship from one person to another, 5.	Add a method to return true if its possible to traverse (friend of friends …) between 2 people in the network, false otherwise.
